

Assignment no 1:

Que 1:What is Cloud?

Ans:-Cloud  it is  basically,as a rent computing resources or as service provider.
     The cloud refers to server that are accessed over the internet,and the software and data base that run on those servers.
     By using cloud computing,users and companies don't have to manage physical servers themselves or run software application on therir own machine.
     As a rent it provides 1.computing resources
                           2.software/application
                           3.pay as you go
    There are three types of cloud,those are follow:
             1.private cloud:-Specific to organization/company
             2.public cloud:-Enable to everyone
                            1.AWS
                            2.GCP
                            3.AZURE
             3.hybrid cloud:-private + public
 
     
Que 2:Advantages of cloud computing?

Ans:-1.COMPUTER NETWORK
     2.SERVICES
     3.APPLICATION
     4.STORAGE(DATA BASE)
     5.SERVER


Que 3:Disadvantages of cloud computing?

Ans:-Disadvantages of cloud computing explained.
     1)Downtime. Downtime is often cited as one of the biggest disadvantages of cloud computing. Since cloud computing systems are internet-based ...
     2)Security and privacy.
     3)Vulnerability to attack.

Que 4:Types of cloud computing?

Ans:-There are three types of cloud,those are follow:

             1.private cloud:-Specific to organization/company
                             A private cloud is a cloud computing system in which IT services are supplied for the specialized use of one organization over private 
                            IT facilities. A single organization operates the cloud infrastructure only. It can be run on-site or off-site by the organization or 
                            a third party. Private cloud terms are often employed interchangeably with the virtual private cloud (VPC). 
                            Technically speaking, a VPC is a private cloud that uses the infrastructure of a third-party cloud provider, while an inner cloud is enforced.


             2.public cloud:-Enable to everyone
                            1.AWS
                            2.GCP
                            3.AZURE
                             The public cloud is described as computing services provided through the public internet by third-party suppliers, making them
                            accessible to those who want to use them or buy them. It can be free or on-demand for customers to pay for the cycles, storage or
                            bandwidth they consume per usage.

                           Example: Sun Cloud, AWS, Microsoft Azure.
             3.hybrid cloud:-private + public
                     A hybrid cloud is a computer environment that incorporates a government and private cloud to share information and apps. Organizations achieve
                  flexibility and the computer capacity of a government cloud for fundamental and insensitive computing functions, whilst safe behind a corporate 
                  firewall for business-critical apps and information.
                       1. LAAS
                       2.PAAS
                       3.SAAS
                       4.Faas

Que 5:-What is servicevces provided by Cloud computing?

Ans:-1.Amazon Web Services.
     2.Kamatera.
     3.Cloudways.
     4.DigitalOcean.
     5.Rackspace.
     6.MassiveGrid.
     7.Alibaba Cloud.
     8.LiquidWeb.
     9.Microsoft Azure.
     10.Google Cloud Platform.

Que 6:-What is EC2?

Ans:-ELASTIC COMPUTE CLOUD
    1.It is a service and it belongs to the compute domain of AWS.
    2.Provide secure and resizable compute capacity in cloud(developers ease).
    3.As per requrement we resize it.
    
Feature:-
    1.Scaling:-Instances scaled up to down.
    2.Integrated with other services(S3,RDS)
    3.Pay for what you ease.
    4.Instances can be launched in one or more.(Regions or availability zones)
    5.Support for different Operating System.
    6.Works with Amazon Virtual Private Cloud(vpc) to provide secure network to resources. 


 
